>> TRUE JACKSON, VP
WAS FILMED IN FRONT
OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
>> SAY, TRUE,
HOT ENOUGH FOR YOU?
>> IT'S SO HOT,
THE THERMOMETER
IN FRONT OF MY SCHOOL EXPLODED.
THEN THE THERMOMETER-SHAPED SIGN
FOR THE CANNED FOOD DRIVE
EXPLODED.
>> WELL, SOMETHING BETTER
BE DONE SOON.
I'M HAVING MY PICTURE
TAKEN TODAY AND THE HEAT
MAKES MY HAIR FRIZZY.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON, EVERYONE.
>> SAY, MAX--
>> HOLD THAT THOUGHT, AMANDA.
BEFORE WE BEGIN,
I'D LIKE TO MAKE IT
CRYSTAL CLEAR
THAT I'LL FIRE ANYONE
WHO USES THE PHRASE,
"HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?"
NOW, WHAT WERE YOU GOING TO SAY?
>> UM, CATCH THE BIG GAME?
>> WE HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO,
SO I'D APPRECIATE IT
IF WE COULD STAY FOCUSED.
[ELECTRIC FAN SOUND]
>> KOPELMAN!
THAT'S INCREDIBLY DISTRACTING.
GIVE IT TO ME.
OH, SAY, THAT'S NICE.
>> MAX, IF I MAY,
WHY IS THE OFFICE SO HOT?
>> MAINTENANCE SAID
THE BUILDING AIR CONDITIONING
BLEW OUT AND THEY HAVE NO CLUE
HOW IT HAPPENED.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY IDEA?
>> HOW DID YOU MAKE
AN ICE SKATING RINK?
>> POURED WATER ALL OVER
TRUE'S FLOOR
AND CRANKED THE A.C.,
GOOD IDEA, HUH?
>> PRETTY GOOD,
UNLESS IT BLOWS OUT THE SYSTEM.
>> YEAH, RIGHT.
IT'S REALLY GONNA BLOW OUT THE--
[EXPLOSION]
>> I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T HEAR THAT LAST PART
OVER THE SOUND
OF THE THERMOSTAT EXPLODING.
>> QUICK, LET'S PLAY
BEFORE THE ICE MELTS.
>> RYAN!
>> IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
>> IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU POURED WATER ON MY FLOOR
AND CRANKED THE A.C.
TO MAKE AN ICE SKATING RINK.
>> THEN IT'S EXACTLY
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
>> NO ONE HAS ANY IDEA
WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR SYSTEM?
>> PROBABLY FAULTY WIRING.
YOU KNOW, MY UNCLE, TROY
ONCE USED A BUDGET ELECTRICIAN.
HE SAVED A BUNCH OF MONEY,
BUT THE FIRST TIME
HE FLUSHED HIS TOILET,
HE GOT ELECTROCUTED.
>> IS HE ALL RIGHT?
>> OH YEAH, HE'S FINE.
HE JUST SMELLS LIKE BACON.
>> WELL, THEY'D BETTER FIX
THE AIR CONDITIONING SOON.
THE OPTIMUM HUMIDITY LEVEL
FOR MY HAIR IS 42%.
ANYTHING ABOVE THAT,
IT LOOKS LIKE I HAVE A CAT
ON MY HEAD.
>> LIKE CONNIE CATHEAD.
>> WHO?
>> YOU KNOW,
VALENTINE McDOUGAL'S
BEST FRIEND.
BUT DON'T MENTION HER TO LULU.
SHE HATES HER.
>> PEOPLE, I REALIZE
IT'S HOTTER THAN THE SURFACE
OF THE SUN IN HERE,
BUT LET'S TRY TO STAY FOCUSED.
>> YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT ARE WE WORKING ON?
>> WINTER COATS.
>> YOU SAID WHAT NOW?
>> WE ALWAYS DESIGN OUR LINES
SIX MONTHS OUT.
JUST TRY TO IMAGINE
IT'S NOT HOT.
INSTEAD, PRETEND
THERE'S A NICE, COOL BREEZE
ON YOUR FACE.
>> THAT'S EASY TO SAY
WHEN YOU HAVE A NICE,
COOL BREEZE ON YOUR FACE.
>> I'M SORRY, KOPELMAN,
DID YOU WANT THIS BACK?
TRUE, AMANDA, WHICH ONE OF YOU
WOULD LIKE TO RUN POINT
ON THE COATS?
>> I'D LOVE TO,
BUT AS I MENTIONED EARLIER,
I'M HAVING MY PICTURE
TAKEN TODAY FOR A MAJOR SPREAD
IN A MAJOR FASHION MAGAZINE.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW
WHICH ONE?
>> NAH, YOU SEEM BUSY.
TRUE, WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE
THE ASSIGNMENT?
>> SURE.
>> AH, SPLENDID.
MEETING ADJOURNED.
TRUE.
ONE TEENIE THING.
I'VE DESIGNED THOUSANDS
OF WINTER COATS OVER MY CAREER,
SO WHATEVER YOU COME UP WITH,
MAKE SURE IT'S SOMETHING
I'VE NEVER SEEN BEFORE, EVER.
>> THAT'S A TEENIE THING?
>> OF COURSE NOT,
THAT'S A MAJOR THING.
THE TEENIE THING IS
I WANT IT DONE
♪ FROM MY HEAD TO MY TOES ♪
♪ IT'S ALL REAL AND YOU KNOW ♪
♪ FRESH AND COOL ♪
♪ IT'S JUST WHAT I DO ♪
♪ T-R-U-E J-A-C-K-S-O-N V-P ♪
♪ WORKING AT A GROWN-UP JOB ♪
♪ I NEVER REALLY KNEW ♪
♪ I COULD WORK THIS HARD ♪
♪ JUST USED TO SIT AT HOME ♪
♪ AND WATCH TV ♪
♪ NOW I'M IN AN OFFICE ♪
♪ AS THE NEW VP ♪
♪ I'M ALWAYS SETTING TRENDS ♪
♪ WITH MY TWO BEST FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHEN THINGS GET OUT OF HAND ♪
♪ WE HAVE A PLAN ♪
♪ WE'RE JUST MESSIN' AROUND ♪
♪ AND WE'RE MAKIN' NEW GROUND ♪
♪ FOR THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD ♪
♪ TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU SEE US IN TOWN ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT'S GOIN' DOWN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M THE NEW VP ♪
>> PERFECT, ABSOLUTELY PERFECT.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
>> YEAH, I DON'T LIKE IT,
EITHER.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
THE COLOR?
>> CAN SOMEONE PLEASE MAKE
A DECISION?
I'M BOILING IN THIS THING.
>> YOU WANT ME TO TURN ON
THE AIR CONDITIONER?
OH, THAT'S RIGHT, I CAN'T.
>> LOOK, I KNOW I OWE YOU
FOR COVERING FOR ME,
BUT THIS COAT IS REALLY HOT.
>> AS SOON AS I FINISH,
YOU CAN TAKE IT OFF.
WHAT IF IT WERE BLUE?
>> HMM.
>> STARTING TO GET DIZZY.
>> LOOK, RYAN,
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA OFFER
ANYTHING CONSTRUCTIVE,
PLEASE JUST STAND THERE.
>> OKAY.
>> OKAY, LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
>> WOW, IT'S PRETTY HOT.
I BET EVERYONE IN THE CITY
IS MOVING AT HALF SPEED TODAY.
>> HEY, HEY, HEY--
MORNING LASERBEAM.
>> YOU'RE IN A GOOD MOOD.
>> JUST ENJOYING
THIS BEAUTIFUL DAY.
>> BEAUTIFUL DAY?
ON THE WAY TO WORK,
I WATCHED A TRUCK MELT.
>> THAT LOOKS GOOD.
DID YOU GET IT DOWNSTAIRS
AT HAPPY BERRY?
>> OH, HEAVENS, NO,
THAT PLACE IS A CESSPOOL.
THIS IS FROM MY FAVORITE
ICE CREAM STORE IN THE WORLD,
GIAPELLO'S.
>> I'VE NEVER EVEN HEARD
OF GIAPELLO'S.
>> THAT'S BECAUSE
THEY WENT OUT OF BUSINESS
18 YEARS AGO.
>> ARE YOU SAYING
YOU'VE BEEN LICKING
THE SAME SCOOP FOR 18 YEARS?
>> OF COURSE NOT.
I COULDN'T IMAGINE LIFE
WITHOUT GIAPELLO'S.
SO WHEN I HEARD
THEY WERE GOING OUT OF BUSINESS,
I BOUGHT 100 GALLONS
OF THEIR FAMOUS
PISTACHIO COOKIE ICE CREAM.
>> A HUNDRED GALLONS?
>> MM-HMM, I'VE RATIONED IT OUT
SO THAT I CAN HAVE
TWO SCOOPS A DAY
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE,
WHICH IS WHY I WILL DIE
ON MY 75th BIRTHDAY.
>> HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT JUST HAVING
ONE SCOOP A DAY,
SO YOU CAN LIVE TO BE 150?
>> THAT'S ABSURD.
150, HUH.
>> THANKS FOR WORKING IN HERE.
IT'S MUCH MORE PLEASANT.
>> DON'T MOVE YOUR ARMS.
THE SLEEVES AREN'T ATTACHED YET.
>> OKAY, OKAY, CALM DOWN.
NO REASON TO GET--DOOR!
>> DOOR!
>> AHH, THAT'S THE STUFF.
HOW MUCH LONGER?
>> I NEED TO REDO
THE CROSS-STITCH ON THE HEM,
SO ABOUT THREE HOURS.
>> THREE HOURS?
>> DOOR.
>> DOOR!
>> THANKS.
>> NO PROBLEM.
>> HEY, WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING
IN HERE?
>> JUST FINISHING
MY WINTER COAT DESIGN.
I HOPE MR. MADIGAN LIKES IT.
>> ARE YOU KIDDING?
UNCLE MAX IS GONNA LOVE IT.
>> YOU THINK?
>> YEAH, HE DESIGNED
PRETTY MUCH THE EXACT SAME COAT
LAST YEAR.
>> OH, NO.
NOW, I HAVE TO START OVER.
>> START OVER?
DOOR!
DOOR.
>> DID SOMEONE SAY SOMETHING?
>> I'M NEVER GONNA COME UP
WITH AN ORIGINAL DESIGN,
LET ALONE FINISH,
IF RYAN KEEPS PASSING OUT
FROM THE HEAT.
>> WHY DON'T YOU WORK
IN THE ARCTIC ROOM?
IT'S FREEZING IN THERE.
>> THE ARCTIC ROOM?
>> YEAH, UP ON 38,
IT'S IN THE TESTING SUITES.
IT'S WHERE THEY TEST CLOTHES
IN EXTREME WEATHER CONDITIONS.
>> CAN YOU GET US IN?
>> NO PROBLEM.
AS AN OFFICER OF THE MAIL ROOM,
I GOT KEYS TO EVERY DOOR.
>> DOOR.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'VE NEVER BEEN UP HERE BEFORE.
>> HEY, CHECK IT OUT,
THE DESSERT ROOM.
I HOPE THEY HAVE PARFAITS.
I LOVE PARFAITS.
>> DESSERT HAS TWO S's.
THAT SAYS DESERT ROOM.
>> I KNEW THAT.
MAN, I COULD GO FOR A PARFAIT.
>> WHAT'S IN HERE?
>> THAT'S THE WATER TANK
WHERE THEY TEST THE SWIMSUITS.
>> IS THAT KOPELMAN
LYING ON A RAFT?
>> YEAH, HE COMES UP HERE
EVERY DAY TO CHILL OUT.
>> WHY'S HE WEARING
A BLACK SWEATER?
WAIT A MINUTE,
THAT'S NOT A SWEATER.
HE'S NOT EVEN WEARING A SHIRT.
>> THAT IS ONE HAIRY DUDE.
>> THAT'S THE INCLEMENT
WEATHER CHAMBER.
THIS CONTROL PANEL
CAN MAKE IT RAIN, SLEET OR SNOW.
>> SOUNDS LIKE MY UNCLE TROY'S
LIVING ROOM.
DID I MENTION
HE DIDN'T HAVE A ROOF?
>> AND HERE'S THE ARCTIC ROOM.
>> PHEW, THIS IS GREAT.
>> YEAH, IT'S FREEZING IN HERE.
>> JUST LIKE UNCLE TROY'S
DURING IN THE WINTER.
>> HEY, CHECK OUT
THESE GIANT ICE CUBES.
I'LL BET IF GODZILLA
WERE DRINKING
A GLASS OF LEMONADE,
THIS IS WHERE HE'D GET HIS ICE.
>> REALLY?
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE THINKING?
>> UH-HUH.
I FIND I THINK A LOT ABOUT
GODZILLA THESE DAYS.
>> WHY DON'T WE GO TO MY OFFICE
AND GET THE MATERIALS,
SO WE CAN WORK UP HERE.
>> GOOD IDEA.
>> RYAN, YOU COMING?
>> RYAN, DID YOU LICK THAT PIPE?
>> UH-UH.
>> MAD STYLE, PLEASE HOLD.
MAD STYLE, PLEASE HOLD.
HI, TRUE, HEY, LULU.
>> HEY, BUSY, HUH?
>> NO, IT'S BEEN DEAD ALL DAY.
MUST BE THE HEAT.
>> BUT YOU JUST TOOK
A BUNCH OF CALLS.
>> I WAS PRACTICING.
YOU KNOW, WORKING ON MY CRAFT.
>> WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
>> OH, THEY WENT HOME EARLY,
'CAUSE THE A.C. IS OUT,
BUT I STAYED BECAUSE THE HEAT
REALLY DOESN'T AFFECT ME.
>> YES, WE CAN TELL.
>> I DON'T BLAME EVERYONE
FOR LEAVING.
IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE
SOMETHING IMPORTANT TO WORK ON,
ONLY A CRAZY PERSON WOULD STAY.
>> TRUE!
>> AMANDA,
WHAT'S WITH YOUR HAIR?
>> THE HUMIDITY IS AT 74%.
I LOOK LIKE CONNIE CATHEAD.
>> PLEASE DON'T MENTION HER.
>> I'M HAVING MY PICTURE
TAKEN IN TWO HOURS.
YOU'D BETTER DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS HEAT.
>> WHY US?
>> YEAH, IT'S NOT LIKE
WE CONTROL THE WEATHER.
WE'RE NOT WEATHERMEN.
>> IF MY HUNCH IS CORRECT,
YOU KIDS HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH THIS MESS.
>> AUGH, YOU KNOW,
I'M GETTING A LITTLE TIRED
OF YOU ALWAYS IMPLYING
KIDS ARE IRRESPONSIBLE.
>> SNOWBALL FIGHT!
>> RYAN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> HAVING A SNOWBALL FIGHT.
>> WHAT ARE ALL THESE KIDS
FROM SCHOOL DOING HERE?
>> HAVING A SNOWBALL FIGHT.
>> WELL, YOU HAVE TO TELL
EVERYONE TO LEAVE.
TRUE HAS TO WORK
ON HER WINTER COAT DESIGN
IN HERE.
>> I CAN'T THROW THESE KIDS OUT.
>> YES, YOU CAN.
>> NO, I CAN'T.
I CHARGED THEM $10 EACH
FOR THE WHOLE DAY.
HEY GUY, 10 BUCKS.
>> RYAN, YOU DO REALIZE,
THE MORE KIDS SHOW UP,
THE WARMER IT'S GONNA GET
IN HERE.
>> I'M WAY AHEAD OF YOU.
FOR EVERY NEW KID,
I LOWER THE THERMOSTAT A LITTLE.
>> ISN'T THAT HOW YOU BLEW OUT
THE A.C. IN THE OFFICES?
>> THAT'S DIFFERENT.
THIS ROOM IS POWERED BY
A GALVESTON GENERATOR.
[SPARKS AND SMOKE]
>> UH-OH.
>> YOU KNOW WHO WOULD NOT HAVE
LIKED THAT EXPLOSION ONE BIT?
GODZILLA.
>> GREAT.
COULD THIS DAY GET ANY WORSE?
>> WOULD THIS BE A BAD TIME
TO POINT OUT THAT THIS IS WHERE
MR. MADIGAN KEEPS
HIS FAVORITE ICE CREAM?
>> YES, NOW WOULD BE A BAD TIME.
>> I GOT YOUR TEXT.
WHAT'S THE EMERGENCY?
>> OH.
>> WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
MR. MADIGAN'S BEEN SAVING
THIS STUFF FOR 18 YEARS.
>> WE COULD REPLACE IT
WITH ANOTHER BRAND.
>> NO WAY.
UNCLE MAX
HAS WORLD-CLASS TASTE BUDS.
>> YOU REALLY THINK
HE CAN TELL THE DIFFERENCE
FROM ONE ICE CREAM TO ANOTHER?
>> ONE TIME, KOPELMAN REPLACED
THE COFFEE IN THE BREAK ROOM
WITH THE COFFEE HE BROUGHT
BACK FROM HIS TRIP TO MAUI.
>> MR. MADIGAN'S
GONNA BE REALLY MAD.
>> GOOD NEWS IS I KNOW
WHAT WILL CALM HIM DOWN.
>> WHAT'S THE BAD NEWS?
>> IT'S MELTED
ALL OVER THE FLOOR.
>> THAT'S IT.
IF GIAPELLO'S
PISTACHIO COOKIE ICE CREAM
IS THE ONLY THING
THAT CAN FIX THIS,
LET'S MAKE MORE
GIAPELLO'S PISTACHIO
COOKIE ICE CREAM.
>> HOW?
>> WE TRACK DOWN MR. GIAPELLO
AND ASK HIM TO GIVE US
THE RECIPE.
>> BUT HOW DO WE FIND HIM?
MR. MADIGAN IS THE ONLY ONE
OF US THAT EVEN KNOWS WHO HE IS.
>> ARE YOU THINKING
WHAT I'M THINKING?
>> YOU WANT TO LICK
THE ICE CREAM OFF THE FLOOR,
BUT YOU'RE AFRAID
OF BEING JUDGED HARSHLY
BY YOUR PEERS?
>> WHAT?
>> NEVER MIND.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
>> THIS LOOKS LIKE A JOB
FOR DR. ESPIONAGE
AND HIS GOOFY SIDEKICK.
>> I'M DR. ESPIONAGE, RIGHT?
>> LET'S GO.
>> HI, UNCLE MAX.
>> HELLO, BOYS.
>> HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?
>> YOU'RE FIRED.
>> WELL, I DON'T REALLY
WORK HERE.
>> WOULD YOU LIKE TO?
>> SURE.
>> THEN YOU'RE HIRED.
WELCOME ABOARD.
>> THANKS, MR. MADIGAN.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?
>> NOTHING, YOU'RE FIRED.
NOW, GET OUT.
WHAT CAN I DO FOR YOU, JIMMY?
>> WHY DON'T YOU
LET ME ASK QUESTIONS?
>> OKAY.
>> JUST TAKING A LITTLE SURVEY
FOR THE MAIL ROOM.
YOUR ANSWERS COULD REALLY
HELP US IMPROVE
OUR OVERALL PERFORMANCE.
>> OH, VERY WELL.
>> ARE YOU HAPPY
WITH YOUR MAIL DELIVERY?
>> YES.
>> GREAT.
>> ARE YOU HAPPY
WITH YOUR MAIL PICKUP?
>> YES.
>> SUPER.
OKAY, PLEASE WRITE DOWN
THE MOST RECENT ADDRESS
FOR MR. FRANK GIAPELLO
ON THE BOTTOM OF THIS SHEET.
>> VERY UNUSUAL SURVEY.
>> GET OFF MY LAWN!
>> YOU DON'T HAVE A LAWN.
>> THAT'S IT,
MY GARDENER'S FIRED.
>> MR. GIAPELLO,
MY NAME'S TRUE JACKSON.
I'M HERE ON BEHALF OF MY BOSS,
MAX MADIGAN.
>> LITTLE MAXIE MADIGAN?
>> YOU REMEMBER HIM?
>> SURE, HE ALWAYS WORE
SHORT STRIPED PANTS AND A CAP
WITH A PROPELLER ON IT.
>> I DON'T THINK HE'S TALKING
ABOUT THE SAME PERSON.
>> LOVED PISTACHIO
COOKIE ICE CREAM.
>> THAT'S HIM.
>> I NEVER FORGET A CUSTOMER
AND THEIR FAVORITE ICE CREAM.
TOMMY CALDWELL: VANILLA.
BRIAN BANKS: VANILLA.
JESS BROWN: VANILLA.
>> IT SORTA SEEMS LIKE
YOU'RE JUST SAYING RANDOM NAMES
AND THEN THE WORD VANILLA.
>> MR. GIAPELLO,
WOULD YOU MIND GIVING US
THE RECIPE TO YOUR PISTACHIO
COOKIE ICE CREAM?
>> I CAN'T DO THAT.
IF I GIVE IT TO YOU,
I HAVE TO GIVE IT TO EVERYBODY
THAT COMES AROUND ASKING FOR IT.
>> HOW MANY TIMES
HAS THAT HAPPENED?
>> MORE THAN YOU'D THINK.
>> A HUNDRED?
>> NEVER.
>> THAT'S LESS THAN WE THOUGHT.
>> PLEASE, MR. GIAPELLO,
DO IT FOR LITTLE MAXIE.
>> WELL, WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME?
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT?
>> I WANT MY BROOM BACK.
>> WE DON'T HAVE YOUR BROOM.
>> TWO YEARS AGO,
I LENT MY BROOM TO MRS. COLE
ON THE FIFTH FLOOR
AND SHE NEVER RETURNED IT.
>> AND YOU WANT US TO GET IT?
>> UH-HUH.
>> NO WAY.
>> PLEASE, MR. GIAPELLO
WANTS IT BACK.
IT'S BEEN TWO YEARS.
>> I DIDN'T BORROW THE BROOM,
IT WAS A GIFT.
>> WHAT A CRUMMY GIFT.
IF SOMEONE GAVE ME A BROOM,
I'D BE ALL, "GEE, THANKS."
>> WHAT IF WE GOT YOU
A BETTER GIFT?
>> LIKE WHAT?
>> WHATEVER YOU WANT.
>> WELL, I WANT
MR. DONOVAN'S HAT.
>> WHO'S MR. DONOVAN?
>> THE SUPER.
YOU BRING ME HIS HAT
AND I'LL GIVE YOU THIS BROOM.
>> THIS IS ONE CRAZY BUILDING.
>> WE'RE TAKING A LONG TIME.
WHAT HAPPENS
IF MR. MADIGAN WANTS
A SECOND SCOOP OF ICE CREAM?
>> DON'T WORRY,
JIMMY'S GONNA STALL HIM
UNTIL WE GET BACK.
>> HOW?
>> UNCLE MAX,
CAN I TALK TO YOU REAL FAST?
>> CAN IT WAIT?
I'M ON MY WAY TO THE 38th FLOOR
FOR MY AFTERNOON SCOOP
OF ICE CREAM.
>> IT CAN'T WAIT.
IT'S ABOUT A GIRL.
>> OKAY.
AMANDA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> JUST TRYING TO BRING DOWN
THE RELATIVE HUMIDITY
OF MY HEAD.
>> OH, STOP IT.
I'M SURE YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
>> AAH!
>> THAT BAD?
>> NO, NO, NO.
>> I THOUGHT I SAW A SPIDER.
>> I HAVE TO GET MY HAIR BACK
TO NORMAL
BEFORE THE PHOTOGRAPHER ARRIVES.
>> WHEN'S HE COMING,
NEXT MONTH?
>> 20 MINUTES.
>> AAH!
>> I THINK I SAW
THAT SPIDER AGAIN.
>> I SAW IT THIS TIME TOO.
SO TELL ME
WHAT THE PROBLEM IS, JIMMY.
>> PROBLEM?
>> THE REASON
WHY WE CAME IN HERE.
>> YES.
IT'S ABOUT THIS GIRL, GWENDOLYN.
I MET HER LAST SUMMER
ON A BACKPACKING TRIP.
SHE HAD A PINK RIBBON
IN HER HAIR.
I OFTEN THINK ABOUT
THAT PINK RIBBON GWENDOLYN WORE
WHEN I MET HER LAST SUMMER
WHILE BACKPACKING.
>> WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
>> I'M GETTING TO IT.
>> OKAY. WHEN?
>> SOON.
ANYWAY, WHEN I MET HER,
I HAD THE SENSATION
I HAD MET HER BEFORE.
I'M NOT SURE IF IT
WAS A YEAR BEFORE OR TWO YEARS
OR THREE YEARS,
DEFINITELY NOT FOUR,
MAYBE FIVE OR SIX.
DID I SAY THREE?
>> OH, BOY, I'D LOVE
TO HELP YOU KIDS,
BUT I CAN'T GIVE YOU MY HAT.
>> DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
YOU'D LOVE TO HELP.
>> THIS IS MY LUCKY HAT.
IT'S THE INSPIRATION
FOR MY MUSIC.
YEAH.
IN FACT, THE FIRST SINGLE
OFF MY ALBUM IS ALL ABOUT
THE HAT.
>> WHAT'S IT CALLED?
>> ALL ABOUT THE HAT.
>> YOU HAVE AN ALBUM?
>> NOT REALLY.
>> BUT YOU HAVE A BAND.
>> IT DOESN'T SOUND
LIKE YOUR HAT IS LUCKY AT ALL.
>> WHAT IF WE BOUGHT YOU
A NEW HAT?
IT MIGHT CHANGE
YOUR LUCK AROUND.
>> YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
I REALLY LIKE THE WAY
THIS HAT'S BROKEN IN.
NAH, IT'S HARD TO GET A FIT
LIKE THAT WITH A NEW HAT.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
IT'S THE INSPIRATION
FOR MY SECOND SINGLE,
"RAIN, SLEET AND HAIL."
♪ RAIN, SLEET, AND HAIL ♪
♪ FILLIN' UP A PAIL ♪
♪ FULL OF RAIN, ♪
♪ SLEET AND HAIL ♪
>> CAN WE JUST HAVE THE HAT?
>> TRUST ME,
WE CAN BREAK YOU
IN A NEW HAT AND YOU'LL LOVE IT
EVEN MORE.
>> WELL, WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
HEY, THAT'S NOT A BAD NAME
FOR A SONG.
♪ WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT ♪
♪ GONNA GET A NEW HAT ♪
>> SHALL WE?
>> OH, YEAH.
>> SHALL WE WHAT?
>> WHY DO I HAVE TO BE IN HERE?
>> IT DOESN'T WORK
IF THE HAT'S NOT ON
SOMEONE'S HEAD.
>> WHY DOESN'T LULU DO IT?
>> WHAT DID HE SAY?
>> HE SAID,
"WE SHOULD PROBABLY
GET STARTED."
>> THE DIAL GOES UP TO 80.
WHAT DO YOU WANNA START IT ON?
>> I'D GO WITH 80.
>> HOW'S IT GOING IN THERE?!
>> IT'S COMING DOWN PRETTY HARD!
>> OKAY, HERE COMES THE HAIL!
>> AAH! TURN IT OFF!
TURN IT OFF!
>> WHAT DID HE SAY?
>> I THINK HE SAID,
"TURN IT UP."
>> OKAY, I THINK THAT'S ENOUGH.
WE SHOULD DRY HIM OFF.
>> OKAY.
>> HI, KOPELMAN.
>> TURN IT OFF!
TURN IT OFF!
>> GWENDOLYN'S FATHER SWORE
HE WOULD FIND HIS KEYS
IF IT TOOK HIM A HUNDRED YEARS.
MEANWHILE, ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE WORLD,
A LITTLE GIRL FINDS A VIOLIN.
>> JIMMY, I DON'T MEAN
TO BE RUDE,
BUT THIS STORY SEEMS TO BE FULL
OF DETAIL AND PROSE,
BUT WE'VE YET TO ARRIVE
AT ANY SORT OF POINT.
>> I'M GETTING TO IT.
>> I HAVE TO GO.
>> WAIT, THERE WAS A MURDER.
>> A MURDER?
>> YES, AND A CENTURY'S
OLD CURSE.
>> WOOO.
>> DOES THIS COME
INTO PLAY LATER?
>> MAYBE.
>> GO ON.
>> WHOO.
>> OH YEAH, THIS IS IT.
THIS IS THE ONE.
>> GLAD YOU LIKE IT.
CAN WE HAVE
THAT ICE CREAM RECIPE NOW?
>> WHATEVER HAPPENS,
DON'T LET IT GET
INTO THE WRONG HANDS.
>> LIKE WHO?
>> THAT GUY.
>> WAIT, I'M NOT DONE
TELLING YOU ABOUT MY PROBLEM.
>> JIMMY, I'VE BEEN LISTENING
TO YOU FOR TWO HOURS.
THE ONLY PROBLEM YOU HAVE
IS THE INABILITY
TO COME TO A POINT.
>> I WAS ABOUT TO.
>> WELL, IT'LL HAVE TO WAIT
UNTIL AFTER I'VE HAD
MY ICE CREAM.
>> UNCLE MAX, DON'T GO IN THERE.
>> WHAH.
SWEET MARY KITTENS,
IT'S ALL MELTED.
>> ARE YOU OKAY?
ARE YOU MAD?
ARE YOU SAD?
>> I DON'T KNOW HOW I FEEL.
I SEEM TO HAVE
A RANGE OF EMOTIONS,
LIKE THAT MINISTER
IN YOUR STORY.
>> FATHER KEN?
>> YES, FATHER KEN.
>> OSCAR, HAVE YOU SEEN
MR. MADIGAN?
[ELEVATOR DING]
>> MR. MADIGAN.
>> IT'S ALL MELTED, TRUE.
>> I KNOW, BUT I'VE GOT
SOMETHING THAT'LL CHEER YOU UP.
>> IT BETTER NOT BE
A TWO-HOUR STORY ABOUT NOTHING,
BECAUSE I ALREADY HEARD ONE.
>> NO, IT'S THIS.
>> THE RECIPE FOR GIAPELLO'S
PISTACHIO COOKIE ICE CREAM?
>> NOW, YOU CAN LIVE PAST 75,
IF YOU WANT.
>> THIS IS AMAZING.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO THANK YOU.
>> WELL, YOU COULD FORGIVE US
FOR WRECKING
THE AIR CONDITIONING
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
>> YOU WRECKED IT?
>> NOT ME, MORE LIKE RYAN
AND JIMMY, AND THEN,
MORE LIKE RYAN.
>> ALL IS FORGIVEN.
>> THANKS.
AND YOU WANNA KNOW
WHAT THE BEST PART IS?
I FIGURED OUT WHAT COLOR
TO MAKE MY WINTER COAT DESIGN.
LULU.
>> PISTACHIO GREEN.
IT'S FANTASTIC.
I'VE NEVER SEEN A COAT
LIKE THIS BEFORE.
[ELEVATOR DING]
>> HELLO, I'M SUPPOSED TO TAKE
PICTURES OF
A MISS AMANDA CANTWELL.
>> HERE I AM.
I'M READY FOR MY CLOSEUP.
>> HEY, THERE'S SOME SORT
OF TAG ON THE BACK OF YOUR HEAD.
>> STOP IT.
STOP THAT.
EEW!
>> HUH?
HA.
>> IS THERE A PROBLEM?
>> ONLY THAT YOU LOOK LIKE
CONNIE CATHEAD.
>> WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> YOU KNOW,
VALENTINE McDOUGAL'S
HILARIOUS BEST FRIEND,
CONNIE CATHEAD.
SHE SHOULD BE THE STAR
OF THE SHOW.
>> THAT'S IT!
>> OHH!
>> SHE REALLY DOES NOT LIKE
CONNIE CATHEAD.
>> FOR REAL.
>> YOU KNOW,
IT WAS REALLY NICE OF YOU
TO SHARE YOUR ICE CREAM
WITH US, MR. MADIGAN.
>> YES, IT'S ABSOLUTELY
DELICIOUS.
>> SO GOOD, THANKS.
>> MY PLEASURE.
>> AND THANKS FOR FORGIVING ME
FOR BLOWING OUT THE SYSTEM.
>> OH, NO WORRIES, LASERBEAM.
IN FACT, HELP YOURSELF
TO A CANDY BAR.
>> ALL RIGHT.
HEY, THERE AREN'T ANY CANDY BARS
OVER HERE.
AAH!
[MUSIC]